Dynamic Pricing:
     Dynamic Pricing gives ecommerce retailers the right data and information that can be used to set optimal discount to the  product  and stay profitable despite the price fluctuations.
     Logistic Regression  used to tell the retailer whether to give discount to the product or not based on various aspects of the product.
     


     the opportunities machine learning present for marketers are virtually unlimited. Here are some of them:
	Unlimited Data:

Machine learning can gather data from a virtually unlimited number of sources. 
With this, you can adjust your brand’s message based on the most recent consumer behaviors. 
This allows you to automate and personalize certain marketing processes by letting your machine learning tools make decisions on content, 
call-to-actions, and even design, in real-time.

Customer Segmentation:
Customer segmentation is extremely important but also a full-time job in itself.
 Machine learning can be used to identify various segments of your target market as well as create micro-segments based on behavioral patterns 
you may not be able to spot. This data can help you create a predictive approach to your customer segmentation, allowing you to lead each customer
 individually through his or her buyer journey.

Customer Lifetime Value:
Your customer lifetime value is calculated based on their demographic, purchasing history, their interactions with your marketing campaigns,
 as well as the actions they take on your platform, among other factors. Machine learning calculates your customer 
lifetime value more accurately thus allowing you to optimize your future interactions with them accordingly.




CUSTOMER SEGEMENTATION : OBJECTIVES , WHAT, HOW 

why?
Marketing efficiency – Breaking down a large customer base into more manageable pieces, 
making it easier to identify your target audience and launch campaigns to the most relevant people, using the most relevant channel.

Determine new market opportunities – During the process of grouping your customers into clusters, 
you may find that you have identified a new market segment, which could in turn alter your marketing focus and strategy to fit.

Better brand strategy – Once you have identified the key motivators for your customer, such as design or price or practical needs,
 you can brand your products appropriately.

Improve distribution strategies – Identifying where customers shop and when can informatively shape product distributions strategies,
 such as what type of products are sold at particular outlets.

Customer retention – Using segmentation, marketers can identify groups that require extra attention and those that churn quick,
 along with customers with the highest potential value. It can also help with creating targeted strategies that capture your customers’ 
attention and create positive, high-value experiences with your brands.


PRICING : WHY, WHAT, HOW


RECOMMENDATIONS : WHY, WHAT, HOW

